# Hangman
## Jimmy Flanagan & Meris Larkins

To solve this problem, the elements we used were a Red GUI, a wordlist, and a series of images that showed the status of the hangman game. 

“wordlist.txt” is a file containing almost 1500 7-letter words. This file came from the Hangman lab on the IC210 website. Any wordlist can be used in its place (the game is even confirmed to work with "supercalifragilisticexpialidocious"). The function “pick-word” picks a random word from this list and sets it as the word to be solved. This function also initializes an array of asterisks to represent the obscured word and initializes the number of guesses to 6.

From here, the GUI can be displayed with the 7 asterisks to represent the letters that must be guessed and an empty noose. There is a box in the upper-right-hand corner of the GUI where the user can enter a letter. When the user enters a character, a series of checking occurs to see if the letter exists in the word/was already used/is a valid character. Guesses are case-sensitive, and the user may not enter more than one character in the box (an alert will pop up if so). If the letter was already used, an alert will notify the user. The entire GUI is updated according to the guess once the input has been verified. If the letter is correct, the corresponding asterisk in the hidden word is replaced with the correct letter, and the letter is added to the "Guessed Letters" list. If the letter is incorrect, the image of the next step in hangman is loaded, and the letter is also added to the guessed letters. For example, if it’s the first wrong guess, a head would be displayed (just a circle). In order, the next images have the body, the left arm, the right arm, the left leg, and then the right leg.

The game will end either when the user has guessed the correct word or when all guesses have been used and the graphic is complete. Upon winning the game, an alert box will read "You win!". If the user loses, the box will pop up with the correct word in it. The game automatically restarts after a win or loss, resetting all of the variables. There is also a "Start Over" button that provides the same functionality. The user can exit the game by pressing the "X" in the top-right-hand corner of the GUI.
